He is really Lord King's Landing
Lord King's Landing was not three years ago
Have you been stabbed to death?
King's Landing Martial Arts
How is that possible?
Don't worry, did I tell you to bring something with you?
The handshake is ready.
Because fear is not enough
This time I packed 2.5kg directly.
Haotaijun Hardware Dzi Beads Brewing
Congratulations on your 80th birthday
Hong Fuqitian
Are you satisfied?
Satisfied satisfied
Wait, you said this is Dzi Nine, which is Dzi Nine.
If you have the ability, open it and take a look.
OK
Wow, it smells good.
This is much more fragrant than the bottle of wine given by Miss Chu
Must be genuine
Miss Chu, I not only let you smell it
I'm going to make a toast to the old lady myself
Let you see what the real wine of the gods is
pour wine
Old Taijun
How do you feel?